now it came to pass in the 14th year of
king hezekiah that Sennacherib king of
Assyria came up against all the
fortified cities of Judah and took them
from the king of Assyria sent the Reb
Shakur with a great army from lakish to
King Hezekiah at Jerusalem and he stood
by the aqueduct from the upper pool on
the highway to the fullest field and a
lion the son of Hilkiah who was over the
household shebna described and joah the
son of Asaph the recorder came out then
the Rabb Shakur said to them say now to
Hezekiah thus says the Great King the
king of Assyria what conference is this
in which you trust i say you speak of
having plans and powerful war but they
are mere words now in whom do you trust
that you repel against me look you are
trusting in the staff of this broken
Reed Egypt on which if a man leans it
will go into his hand and pierce it so
is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who
trust in him but if you say to me we
trust in the Lord our God is it not he
whose high places and whose altars
Hezekiah has taken away and said to
Judah and Jerusalem you shall worship
before this altar now therefore I urge
you give a pledge to my master the king
of Assyria and I will give you two
thousand horses if you are able on your
part to put riders on them how then will
you repel one captain of the least of my
Master's servants and put your trust in
Egypt for chariots and horsemen have I
now come up without the Lord against
this land to destroy it
the Lord said to me go up against this
land and destroy it and like him
Sapna and Joe said to the Rav Shaka
please speak to your servants in Aramaic
for we understand it I do not speak to
us in Hebrew in the hearing of the
people who are on the wall but the Rebbe
sugar said as my master sent me to your
master and to you to speak these words
and not to the men who sit on the wall
who will eat and drink their own waste
with you then the rap Shakur stood and
called out with a loud voice in Hebrew
hear the words of the great king the
king of Assyria thus says the king do
not let Hezekiah deceive you for he will
not be able to deliver you nor let
Hezekiah make you trust in the Lord
saying the Lord will surely deliver us
this city will not be given into the
hand of the king of Assyria do not
listen to Hezekiah for thus as the king
of Assyria make peace with me buy a
present and come out to me and every one
of you eat from his own vine and every
one from his own fig tree and every one
of you drink the waters of his own
cistern until I come and take you away
to a land like your own land a land of
grain and new wine a land of bread and
vineyards beware lest Hezekiah persuade
you saying the Lord will deliver us has
any one of the gods of the nations
delivered its land from the hand of the
king of Assyria where are the gods of
hey math and Arpad where are the gods of
safar bayum indeed have they delivered
Sumeria from my hand who among all the
gods of these lands have delivered their
countries from my hand that the Lord
deliver jerusalem from my but they held
their peace and answered him not a word
for the king's commandment was do not
answer him
then alike him the son of Hilkiah who
was over the household shebna the scribe
and joah
the son of Asaph the recorder came to
Hezekiah with their clothes torn and
told him the words of the rapture